S3 destination: updating docs regarding certification (#11966)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/destinations/s3.md

# S3

This page guides you through the process of setting up the S3 destination connector.

## Prerequisites

List of required fields:
* **Access Key ID**
* **Secret Access Key**
* **S3 Bucket Name**
* **S3 Bucket Path**
* **S3 Bucket Region**

1. Allow connections from Airbyte server to your AWS S3/ Minio S3 cluster \(if they exist in separate VPCs\).
2. An S3 bucket with credentials or an instanceprofile with read/write permissions configured for the host (ec2, eks).

## Step 1: Set up S3

> [Sigh in](https://signin.aws.amazon.com/signin) to aws account. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Sign in](https://signin.aws.amazon.com/signin) to your AWS account. 
```

> Use existing or create new [Access Key ID and Secret Access Key](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-sec-cred-types.html#:~:text=IAM%20User%20Guide.-,Programmatic%20access,-You%20must%20provide).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use an existing or create new [Access Key ID and Secret Access Key](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-sec-cred-types.html#:~:text=IAM%20User%20Guide.-,Programmatic%20access,-You%20must%20provide).
```

> Under the hood, an Airbyte data stream in Json schema is first converted to an Avro schema, then the Json object is converted to an Avro record, and finally the Avro record is outputted to the Parquet format. Because the data stream can come from any data source, the Json to Avro conversion process has arbitrary rules and limitations. Learn more about how source data is converted to Avro and the current limitations [here](https://docs.airbyte.io/understanding-airbyte/json-avro-conversion).

Reviewer: All mentioned of JSON should be JSON not Json.

Author: Thanks. Updated all mentions with JSON
